what happened here , honourable senators , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended the meeting of the first to committee . 
i know that it be expected the Senate committee will rise and what independent too . 
i am not so that concern for a moment . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
over the next two years in the business that undertaking a senator . 
it is important to a committee , as some of these committee , supposedly new Senate actually sitting what senators . 
i am therefore to note that one of the Senate committee was introduced in the last sitting of the new indeed of . 
it was sent a replacement . 
honourable name senators , I do people . 
i am not so that it is nice , you can see not ? 
that was in the Senate will have to find their own research fault . 
when one , it must accept the a job do . 
the women who sit in the Senate have proven . 
they have that the majority of the men in the Senate . remplissaient their much more 
i remember that the veterans of the committee held in February of 1998 . hold the to the 
here is the House of Commons at that time . Ni or the Senate 
all of the proceedings of the committee , they sat in the three senators women . 
it was to find the leadership of the Senate is a man committee . 
i could cite the question I said , the word , to say to hon. senator Carstairs put . 
" I asked was the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? 
it was the first was that of women to address the representation in a report it . 
it was written on that the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
at the time of men . The formées delegations were only 
i have been replaced by on this issue in the Senate , Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I will look forward to enter the preferred my association . 
i do not know how about these two , when the decision or will be honourable House senators reports . 
the verdict is that each senators on television . 
by a group of students , or to journalists wondered or other . 
if that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , it should be translated in the facts . 
i do not think the alternative to . 
if it in a position to a committee , he should participate or any meetings accept a senator intended . 
we said we are not the members in the corridors : which 
today , and there is a question to the committee to study after two years in committee , " you Présentez final '' . 
they do not even know what they are the same , but when they stand their leaders considers the stand them . 
they do not know what is at past . 
the words " and " is the way in our '' , " continuité honourable senators dedication speech . 
in the coming weeks , we will look at the beginning to address both how independent senators . 
i do not do that , if we are concerned about the parliamentary committee to my own créerai that world affairs . 
we are no one can undermine . 
the Speaker : the Honour 
is it the pleasure of the Senate , if you do wishes to speak , any other hon. Senator honourable , it motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
